Good afternoon
Hello from Ukraine, the city of
Khmelnitsky, you don’t know where Russia is from, you
do
n’t know where St. Petersburg, maybe there are
several such cities, I know
somewhere near Moscow, it is
either Finland or Russia or Estonia
, somewhere there somewhere, or else  where
do you support the special operation and how can it be supported or not
supported, for example, do you think it’s
right that they are doing it or wrong,
but it looks like it turned out so full, it’s
probably right,
you always wear a hat unbuttoned like this,
always, always can Therefore, when it’s
Frost, then it’s possible to lower it more often, you
will understand that you don’t  you have to
kill people in a foreign country you
should never be like a month like this
with a hat tied like this and maybe in short the
blood circulation to the brain will be better
you start thinking
and you wash your head I say you
start thinking don’t cut off
[music] it
turns out that you will support the killing of
people in a foreign country  country for what I
see you are there
for what you support the killing of people in a
foreign country tell me
do you think it’s even right that this
special operation was
with some kind of blah blah,
but look, do you think your
ruler Putin steals or not
personally Putin steals or not Yes, without a
clue those Russians are all
siskins to admit Yes, it’s
not me who steals, it’s just  I don’t argue it’s not enough to
steal when it’s not enough yes yes And what does
he have enough
That is, it turns out He lives only on
one salary and a
house In general, I think he doesn’t know, but there, like a
palace in Gelendzhik, they did what
Navalny did, they saw this investigation
about protection  this palace was made,
but I think not for the person. That
is, instead of building a kindergarten for your children,
Putin will someday end,
someone will be left Yes, well, to whom is the
next path?
school or
this clinic so for your
children you have normal medical
in Russian in short medicine is normal the
last accident broke absolutely free a
penny of
medicine  and you are good.
Well,
I don’t know how good they look
right away,
what is in Israel and teeth are of
high quality than we
again know dentists we have every
six months for advanced training,
let's do it. You are there from
St. Petersburg, not far from the European Union
there, Finland
How  do you think where medicine is better in the
European Union or in Russia, st.
on yachts they put money
into medicine so that it would be better
everywhere, like in the European Union,
but No, it’s unlikely. Why is it paid for
medicine there
?  and Putin would pay doctors there
so that people would have good medicine.
there’s a palace there, yachts there, I
just don’t understand one thing. You are
truckers. As I understand it, I
didn’t travel around Europe in Europe, so you can imagine,
for example, that Russia has oil, gas,
gold, diamonds. Such a rich country. But
why do people in Russia live poorer than
people, for example, in  The Czech Republic is
small, which Everyone jerks off as he
wants No, why does someone want to live
better He goes and earns money not
Well, everyone wants to live better Everyone wants a
person wants to live in [ __ ], he will live
in [ __ ] that Russians want to live in [ __ ]
turns out If anyone lives  in [ __ ] I
think they want to
do it Just whine Yes, look,
there are such people everywhere and in America there are those who are
poor and in the Czech Republic, but if we look at the
general fund, then the Czech Republic is without resources, without
gas, oil, diamonds, there people somehow
have better welfare than people
average from Russia So
why
where does this money go from gas
oil diamonds  and Who lives better without a
clue, I didn’t wonder Well, let’s
run further then